Example Docs fixes (#6919)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/feature-flag-tutorials/java/spring-boot-examples.md

An advanced use case for leveraging feature flags at scale is flag automation in your development workflow. Many organizations use tools like Jira for managing projects and tracking releases across teams. [Our Jira integration](/reference/integrations/jira-server-plugin-installation) helps to manage feature flag lifecycles associated with your projects.

> It’s common for teams to have a development phase, QA/testing, and then a production release. Let’s say the changes we’ve made in our Java project must go through a typical development workflow. The [Unleash Jira plugin](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/integrations/jira-cloud-plugin-installation) can connect to your Jira server or cloud to create feature flags automatically during the project creation phase. As your code progresses through development and Jira tickets are updated, the relevant flag can turn on in a development environment. The next stage could be Canary deployments for testing code quality in subsequent environments to certain groups, like a QA team or beta users. The flag could be automatically turned on in QA and/or roll out to target audiences in production.

Reviewer: I think we can trim out canaries here too, gradual rollout makes a lot of sense with the way this is written. Feel free to rewrite my suggestion though, this is a bit quick and dirty on my part

```suggestion
It’s common for teams to have a development phase, QA/testing, and then a production release. Let’s say the changes we’ve made in our Java project must go through a typical development workflow. The [Unleash Jira plugin](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/integrations/jira-cloud-plugin-installation) can connect to your Jira server or cloud to create feature flags automatically during the project creation phase. As your code progresses through development and Jira tickets are updated, the relevant flag can turn on in a development environment. The next stage could be enabling your feature in subsequent environments for certain groups, like a QA team or beta users. The flag could be automatically turned on in QA and/or roll out to target audiences in production.
```
